[MI-3011] Update documentation to add steps on change of Webhook secret (#53)
Brightscout/mattermost-plugin-servicenow: docs/plugin_setup.md

- Go to the ServiceNow plugin configuration page on Mattermost as **System Console > Plugins > ServiceNow Plugin**.
- On the ServiceNow plugin configuration page, you need to configure the following:
    - **ServiceNow Server Base URL**: Enter the base URL of your ServiceNow instance.

>     - **ServiceNow Webhook Secret**: Regenerates the secret for ServiceNow Plugin. Regenerating this key will stop subscriptions notifications. Refer to the documentation [here](./servicenow_setup.md) to update the instance and start receiving notifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **ServiceNow Webhook Secret**: Regenerates the webhook secret for ServiceNow Plugin. Regenerating this key will stop subscription notifications. Refer to the documentation [here](./servicenow_setup.md), to update the instance and start receiving notifications again.
```

>     - **ServiceNow Webhook Secret**: Regenerates the webhook secret for ServiceNow Plugin. Regenerating this key will stop the subscription notifications. Refer to the documentation [here](./servicenow_setup.md), to update the instance and start receiving notifications again.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - **ServiceNow Webhook Secret**: Regenerate the webhook secret for ServiceNow Plugin. Regenerating this key will stop the subscription notifications. Refer to the documentation [here](./servicenow_setup.md), to update the secret in the ServiceNow instance and start receiving notifications again.
```
